adding scheduler cli-examples (#8983)
aws/aws-cli: awscli/examples/scheduler/create-schedule-group.rst

**To create a schedule group**

> The following ``create-schedule-group`` will create a schedule group. ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following ``create-schedule-group`` example creates a schedule group. ::
```

Author: file fixed

> 	aws scheduler create-schedule-group \

Reviewer: All your examples are using tabs for indenting. An indent should be 4 spaces, and all your examples need to be updated with this fix.
https://aws.github.io/aws-cli/docs_styleguide.html#general

Author: file fixed

        --name DailySNSFunction

> Ouput ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Output::
```
This line needs to be fixed in all your examples.

Author: made changes to all examples. published new commit

    {
        "ScheduleGroupArn": "arn:aws:scheduler:ca-central-1:123456789012:schedule-group/DailySNSFunction"
    }

> For more information, see `Creating a schedule group in EventBridge Scheduler <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/scheduler/laDailySNSFunction/UserGuide/managing-schedule-group-create.html>`__ in the *Amazon EventBridge SchedulerUser Guide*.

Reviewer 2: As of writing this comment, the link https://docs.aws.amazon.com/scheduler/laDailySNSFunction/UserGuide/managing-schedule-group-create.html is returning a 404 Not Found error.

Author: updated
